Miscellaneous Notes on the Classes of Tantra and Pith Instructions of the Great Chariots of the Practice Lineage in the Land of Snows The Three Unconditioned Phenomena and the Six Topics of Scholarship There are three types of unconditioned phenomena: space, analytical cessation, and non-analytical cessation. Accordingly, having arrived at an understanding of objects of knowledge in general, there are six topics of scholarship that are to be engaged in. In summary, the six types are aggregates, elements, sources of perception, dependent origination, the possible, and the impossible. There are five aggregates. There are eighteen elements: the eye element, the form element, the element of eye consciousness, and so on. There are twelve sources of perception: the eye sense source, the form sense source, and so on. In addition, each has its own individual characteristic, such as the arising of form as the object of the eye, and so on. There are twelve links of dependent origination. The possible signifies that it is possible for merit to be caused by virtue, and the impossible signifies that it is impossible for it to be caused by non-virtue. In this context, if we provide a little explanation of the presentation of causes, results, and conditions, causes are as follows in the Treasury of Abhidharma: There are six types of causes: productive (these are the same as the primary condition), co-arising, a similar lot (like being born from karma), congruent (being dependent on each other), omnipresent, and maturation. As for results, there are five: results of maturation, those that are in accordance with their cause (understood afterward), dominant (those with jaundice seeing a yellow conch shell), those caused by persons (i.e., they are created through effort), and result of separation (this is a result of a condition in the same way wind is a condition that separates the sun from the clouds). As for conditions, the Fundamental Verses on Madhyamaka states: There are four conditions: the causal condition, the objective condition, the immediately preceding condition, And the dominant condition; there is no fifth condition. Moreover, there are seven parts to the element of dharmas: Feelings, perceptions, formations, Unconditioned phenomena, and unknowables are the seven. The twelve links of dependent origination are also summarized into the three paths of affliction, karma, and maturation. As Nāgārjuna states, the first (ignorance), eighth (craving), and ninth (grasping) are afflictions; formations and becoming are karma; and the other seven are maturation (consciousness, name and form, the six sources of perception, contact, feeling, and birth, old age and death). "A cause that is congruent with the five congruencies" is the definition of a congruent cause. It is congruent with regard to the observed object, mental image, substance, support, and time. 
